1.) What is Emmet?
=>  Emmet is the essential toolkit for web-developers. It allows you
    to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full-fledged
    boiler plate code for writing HTML and CSS.

2.) Difference between Library and Framework?
=>  What is Library? : It is a collections of prewritten code snippets
    that can be used and reused to perform certain task. A particular 
    javascript library code can be plugged into application code which
    leads to faster development and fever vulnerabilities to have errors.
    Example: React, Jquery

    What is Framework? : It is a platform that provides a foundation to 
    developing software applications.
    Example: Angular

    Difference between Library and Framework: A key difference between the
    two is Inversion of control. When using a library, the control remains
    with the developer who tells the application when to call library functions.
    When using a framework, the control is reversed, which means that the framework 
    tells the developer where code needs to be provided and calls it as it requires.

3.) What is CDN and Why do we use it?
=>  A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of
    servers that caches content close to end users. A CDN allows for the quick
    transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, including HTML pages,
    JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

4.) Why is React known as React?
=>  React is a JavaScript Library. The name ‘React’ was chosen
    because the library was designed to allow developers to react
    to changes in state and data within an application, and to
    update the user interface in a declarative and efficient
    manner.

5.) What is crossorigin in script tag?
=>  The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
    Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where
    CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style 
    sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.
    
    Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is an extension of the same-origin policy.
    You need it for authorized resource sharing with external third parties. For example,
    you need CORS when you want to pull data from external APIs that are public 
    or authorized.

    The crossorigin attribute in the script tag enables CrossOrigin Resource Sharing (CORS)
    for loading external JavaScript files from different origin than the hosting web page.
    This allows the script to access resources from the server hostingthe script, such as 
    making HTTP requests or accessing data.

6.) What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
=>  While React provides the tools and concepts to define component-based user interfaces,
    ReactDOM handles the task of rendering those interfaces in a web environment. Together,
    they form the foundation of React web applications.

    ReactDOM is a package in React that provides DOM-specific methods that can be used at 
    the top level of a web app to enable an efficient way of managing DOM elements of the web
    page. ReactDOM provides the developers with an API containing the various methods to 
    manipulate DOM.

7.) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
=>  We provide two versions of React: an uncompressed version for development and a minified
    version for production. The development version includes extra warnings about common 
    mistakes, whereas the production version includes extra performance optimizations and 
    strips all error messages.

8.) What is async and defer?
=>  Async: Executes scripts as soon as they are available, regardless of their order in the
    HTML document. Defer: Executes scripts in the order they appear in the HTML document, 
    after HTML parsing is complete.